W-19669570-PR-1025-branch-against-latest-CP (#506)
mulesoft/docs-code-builder: modules/ROOT/pages/af-create-agent-network.adoc

= Create Agent Networks

Anypoint Code Builder desktop includes all the agent network functionality out of the box. Before you start, make sure you completed the steps in Before You Begin with Agent Networks and familiarize yourself with Basic Concepts.

[NOTE]
If you run operations within a CI/CD environment, you can use Anypoint CLI's plugin to set up, create, build, publish, and deploy agent networks. For more information, see Build Agent Networks in a CI/CD Environment.

== Before You Begin Creating Agent Networks

=== Anypoint Code Builder Desktop Prerequisites

After you meet agent network prerequisites, set up your Anypoint Code Builder desktop environment.

> * Complete the steps in link:https://docs.mulesoft.com/anypoint-code-builder/start-acb-desktop[Setting Up the Desktop IDE].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Complete the steps in xref:start-acb-desktop.adoc[Setting Up the Desktop IDE].
```

* Install PowerShell (Windows operating systems only). For more information, see link:https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/scripting/install/installing-powershell-on-windows?view=powershell-7.3[Installing PowerShell on Windows].
* Configure your allowlist. For more information, see URLs to Allow to Run Anypoint Code Builder.

=== Permissions and Access

> * Make sure you have these Anypoint Code Builder permissions to create your project successfully. Set up permissions using the steps in link:https://docs.mulesoft.com/anypoint-code-builder/start-configure-permissions[Configuring Permissions].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Make sure you have these Anypoint Code Builder permissions to create your project successfully. Set up permissions using the steps in xref:start-configure-permissions.adoc[Configuring Permissions].
```

**Suggested Prompts**

* Create a new agent network project called "Employee Onboarding." Add Workday agent and Salesforce agent.
* Build a travel planner broker that plans multi-city trips and generate a new agent network.
* Generate an agent network project for incident management. Include a broker that coordinates the resolution of incidents reported by customers.

If you don't want to use MuleSoft Dev Agent, create your project using these steps.

. On the Anypoint Code Builder starting panel, under Quick Actions, select **Create an Agent Network**. Or, run the command **MuleSoft: Create an Agent Network Project** in the Command Palette.

. If you're not logged in already, log in to your Anypoint Platform account.

. In Create an Agent Network Project, enter a name for the project and select the location where the project should be created.

. Select the business group associated with the target space you created in Before You Begin with Agent Networks.

. Select **Create**.

> Anypoint Code Builder creates these files as part of your agent network project. You'll use these files to define your agent network specification to meet your business requirements. For more information, see Reference: Agent Network Project Files.

Reviewer: Add the xref for Agent Network Project Files
